The problem statement is you will be given a positive
number and the value n and you have to toggle
the nth bit in that number.
That is, if the bit is currently set, then change
it to unset.
And if it is unset, change it to set.
For example if given number is 65, this is it's
binary representation 01000001. And if we have n
equal to seven, we need to toggle seventh bit in
this number and since it is set, we need to
change it to unset.
That is, this one should be changed to zero and
the resultant binary representation 00000001 will correspond to decimal one
if this is the given number and n equal to six
we need to toggle the sixth bit. Here it is zero
so after toggling it will become one and hence the
resultant binary value will be 01100001 which corresponds to the
to decimal 97
So your task is to write the logic for this
"Toggle nth bit problem" and submit it using the below compiler
See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs if the input is
65 and 7, the expected output is one. If the
input is 65 and 6, the expected output is 97.